# Questions and Answers


Question | Answer
---|---
How do I pronounce "Jalondi"? | Yah Lon Dee, which which all vowels should pretty short. The 'a' in the first syllable sounds like it sounds in "dance" in UK English, but shorter. Now practise. 😁
Why do Westwood PAK files always require the -w switch | Because Westwood PAK files are a downright drama to support. The format is downright terrible and due to this it easily the detection of other kinds of resources. Westwood has no kind of headers whatsoever to make them fully detectable. So not loading the Westwood driver unless needed to handle Westwood PAK files is the better way to go.
Why the Jalondi project? The original tools weren't good enough? | I have one tool written in Go, and I am not really game to get much more done in Go. The NJCR tool will be discontinued as soon as Jalondi is stable. I want to get rid of the .NET for my projects. On top op that NJCR has a few nasty bugs I could never get fixed (in other words COCKROACHES), and hopefully Jalondi will get me rid of those as well.
Why the name "Jalondi"? | I just needed a name. Jalondi is a woman who plays a role in my fantasy novel "De Vleugels Des Oorlogs" (The Wings of War). I named this tool after her. There are more projects of mine that got their name in similar ways.
Will Jalondi be able to pack in other formats but JCR6? | No, it will only be able to create JCR6 files, although it can read and extract from other formats. That was easy to implement and only required a minimum amount of extra code. Allowing Jalondi to write in these formats will only get me a lot of extra work and Jalondi's stability will only be undermined in the process. If you really want me to create a packer for the other formats, I can write one, but they won't be part of Jalondi.
What does "Session Conflict" mean? | When converting Jalondi just unpacks the packed files to a session directory, then packs it into the new format and deletes all the crap afterward. Especially when you have multiple terminals open with Jalondi on a conversion job, this can be important. However, on rare occassions it can heppen the name of that session folder turns out to be the name of a folder already in existence. This can happen when multiple jobs were given in a very short time (should always be one second difference. Hey I don't know what tricks you try to play on Jalondi that I don't know of), and in very rare occassions it can happen a session code is generated of a directory that was not properly deleted after a previous job (system crashes or serious disk errors can cause that to happen). Even though session conflicts are not likely to happen, but in the tiny case it happens Jalondi just goes into a security lockout. Trying it again should mostly get things to run. The folder you set up for these sessions (Jalondi will ask about this, the first time you perform a conversion job) should normally be empty when Jalondi is not on a conversion job, but it never hurts to check every now and then. If some folders are there and your OS allows you to remove them. Well when Jalondi is not running, do so. When you use a network directory session conflicts are more likely to occur if multiple users start a conversion session at the same time. To be frank I recommend AGAINST using network directories for this.
